the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with an electric guitar playing guitar riffs with a nice low end; the audio quality is average. the song is passionate and exciting.
this song features an acoustic guitar playing chords using only down strokes. there are only two chords being played. the rhythm is played on a 6/8 time signature. a male voice sings vocables in falsetto. toward the end, the voice produces a belching sound. there are no lyrics in this song
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of harmonizing male vocals singing over groovy steel guitar, groovy mandoline melody and groovy acoustic rhythm guitar chords. there are some crowd chattering noises in the background. it sounds passionate, happy and fun.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate male vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds mellow, soft, sad and so emotional that you forget about how noisy the recording actually is.
this is an amateur recording of a boy singing along to a kids song playing on a tv. it is an educational song with a female voice in the lead. the melody is being played by an acoustic guitar while the rhythm is played by the electronic drums. the quality of the recording is quite poor. samples lifted from
the low quality recording features a kid and a male laughing back and forth. there are some plastic impacts throughout it. the recording ends with a wide synth pad layered with sustained strings over which there is a low male vocal singing. it sounds joyful, happy and heartful.
this is a country music piece. there is a female vocalist singing melodically as the lead at a medium-to-high range. a mandolin is playing the main theme while being backed by a bass guitar. the rhythmic background consists of a simple 4/4 acoustic drum beat.
this song contains digital drums playing a four on the floor groove with a kick on every beat along to an e-bass. in the background you can hear additional bongo rhythms. a synth string sound is playing long chord notes in the background. a female voice is singing with a little reverb on her voice. this
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing male vocals singing over groovy bass, punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern, shimmering hi hats and open hats, tinny percussive elements. it sounds energetic, happy and fun - like something kids would listen to.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of an echoing female vocal singing over breathy woodwind melody and arpeggiated plucked string melody. it sounds passionate, soulful and mystical, even though the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering cymbals, groovy bass guitar and acoustic rhythm guitar. at the end of the loop, there is a short tom roll, representing a transition to the next section
this audio contains a cinematic composition with evolving synth drone sounds. higher pitched pads, noise sounds panning to both sides of the speakers and arpeggiated short percussive pluck sounds. some synth strings are playing a dissonant harmony creating more tension. a marimba hit is being played with a lot
the low quality recording features a pop song sung by flat female vocalists singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and mellow piano chords. there is a short snare roll that serves as a transition into a new section. it sounds groovy and addictive.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate female vocalists over a mellow, arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody and wide sustained strings melody. it is a bit noisy and there is a tinny metallic impact towards the end of the loop. it sounds soft, mellow and emotional.
the low quality recording features a didgeridoo melody played outside, alongside some birds chirping and tinny wooden impacts sounds. the recording is noisy.
this song features two female voices. one of the voices sings an 'ooh' throughout the song. the second voice sings an 'ah' in places. the first time the 'ah' is sung, it is in a dissonant harmony. the second one is in the scale. this is accompanied by a guitar
this is a live performance of salsa music. the quality of the sound is very poor and muffled. the song features a male singer with a nasal voice. in the background latin percussion instruments play a salsa music rhythm. trumpets are in the background and have a muffled sound.
a male vocalist sings this upbeat pop. the tempo is fast with synthesiser arrangements, hard hitting drums, groovy bass, tambourine beats,keyboard harmony and choral harmony. the song is an upbeat, catchy, compelling, persuasive, enthusiastic and youthful indie pop.
the rock song features a passionate male vocal, layered with harmonizing background male vocals, singing over electric rhythm guitar chords spread widely in the stereo image, thin snare, energetic crash, groovy bass, shimmering hi hats and punchy kick hits. it sounds energetic, groovy and kind of addictive thanks to those
this is a live performance of a pop music piece. the track is being performed with playback. there is a female vocal with child-like characteristics. there is a strong electronic drum beat in the rhythmic background. a fuzzy synth bass is playing the melodic part. there are lots of beat repeat effects. the atmosphere
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of harmonizing female vocals singing over groovy steel guitar, groovy mandoline melody and groovy acoustic rhythm guitar chords. there are some crowd chattering noises in the background. it sounds passionate, happy and fun.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal singing over punchy snare, energetic crash cymbals, wide electric guitar melody and groovy bass guitar. it sounds energetic, exciting and upbeat - like something you would jump to at concerts.
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over pulsating synth lead melody, groovy bass, "4 on the floor" kick pattern, punchy snare, shimmering hi hats and some wooden percussive elements. it sounds energetic, groovy and addictive.
this is a live performance of a pop music piece. there is a teen female vocalist singing melodically. the main tune is being played by the acoustic guitar and the electric guitar. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythm is provided by an acoustic drum beat. the atmosphere is sentimental. this
the low quality recording features groovy drums played on vinyl, judging by the wide vinyl crackles and scratching effect. there is also a buzzy static noise, right after the female laugh that can be heard in the background. sounds like it is recorded with a phone.
the low quality recording features a children's song that consists of a flat male vocal singing over groovy piano melody, simple bass, simple hi hats, punchy snare, soft kick hits, synth lead melody, electric guitar melody and bells melody. it sounds happy, fun and joyful - like something kids would listen to
this music is an electronic instrumental. the tempo is fast with atmospheric synthesiser, intense drumming and ambient sounds of a helicopter, ambulance siren and wind. the music sounds sinister, grim, dangerous, urgent, panicky, catastrophic, exigent, acute, compelling and emergent. this is electronic music.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song played on a speaker that features groovy piano melody, synth lead melody, strings power chords, punchy snare, shimmering shakers, claps and punchy kick hits. it sounds noisy and thin as it lacks bass frequencies.
this is an instrumental trumpet music piece. the trumpet is playing a calming main melody while the keyboard and the bass guitar are playing in the background. there is a slow tempo acoustic sounding drum beat playing the rhythm. the atmosphere is soothing.this piece could be used in the soundtrack of a romantic movie. it could also be
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with a percussionist practising latin bass drums with a  drum stick to a music track with male vocals, trumpet harmony and other percussion. the audio quality is poor and boomy.
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over pulsating synth lead melody, groovy bass, "4 on the floor" kick pattern, punchy snare, shimmering hi hats and some wooden percussive elements. it sounds energetic and addictive.
this is an excerpt from an advertisement that is all full of sound effects. there is a burning beam coming from the sky and blowing up the earth. sounds of explosions can be heard as a car and multiple people jump to the sky and the people start grunting as they see their surroundings burning. the sounds from this track
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. it sounds boomy and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of harmonizing female vocals singing over groovy steel guitar, groovy mandoline melody and groovy acoustic rhythm guitar chords. there are some crowd chattering noises in the background. it sounds passionate, happy and fun.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of passionate male vocal singing over electric guitar solo melody, energetic cymbals, muffled snare and kick hits and groovy bass guitar. there are also some crowd noises, singing along. it sounds energetic, emotional and addictive, thanks to that
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over groovy bass, groovy piano melody, shimmering hi hats, punchy kick and punchy snare. in the second half of the loop, the instrumental consists of claps, "4 on the floor" kick pattern without the
the low quality recording features a didgeridoo melody played outside, alongside some birds chirping and tinny wooden impacts sounds. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wooden percussion, playing as the background music, while there are birds chirping, cows mooing and metallic impacts sounds. the recording is mono and noisy.
this is an instrumental progressive/math rock piece. the electric guitar is playing a complex solo with rapid procession of notes using the tapping technique. there is an echo delay effect on the guitar. the atmosphere is trippy. this piece can be used in the soundtrack of a video game that takes place in outer space.
this audio contains a cinematic composition with evolving synth drone sounds. higher pitched pads, noise sounds panning to both sides of the speakers and arpeggiated short percussive pluck sounds. some synth strings are playing a dissonant harmony creating more tension. a marimba hit is being played with a lot
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it consists of passionate male vocal singing over energetic drums, funky bass guitar, electric guitar melody and solo brass melody. at the end of the loop, there is a short snippet of choir singing in harmony. overall it sounds funky, energetic, soulful and
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. there are some flat male vocals talking, after which there are harmonizing male vocals singing over it. it sounds passionate, even though the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a folk song that consists of a groovy accordion melody, strings melody, acoustic rhythm guitar, energetic drums and some crowd male chants and wide claps. it sounds energetic, fun and happy.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over breathy flute melody, groovy bass, wooden percussion, strings melody and acoustic guitar chords. it sounds soulful, passionate and emotional.
the low quality recording features a wide dark synth pad, metal guitar strings squeaking sound effects, creepy church bells and synth bass with a phaser effect on. it sounds dark, suspenseful and intense - like something you would hear in horror movies.
the low quality recording features a clean electric guitar chord progression that has some effects on it. it sounds slightly detuned and it has a slight wobble effect.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a widely spread stuttering synth melody, buzzy synth bass and distorted electric guitar melody. it sounds distorted, loud, suspenseful and energetic.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside widely spread male barking onomatopoeia, singing over shimmering shakers, sizzling triangle, tinny cowbell, punchy kick, punchy snare and groovy bass. it sounds energetic and addictive, even
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of synth keys melody, punchy kick, punchy muffled snare, shimmering open hat and shakers and short offbeat piano chord progression. it sounds groovy and easygoing, like something you would listen to when riding a car.
the low quality recording features a huge church organ chord progression, followed by shimmering cymbals, played in a huge reverberant space - most likely a church. it sounds epic, powerful and powerful.
the low quality recording features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing mixed vocals, singing over acoustic rhythm guitar, accordion melody and groovy bass. it sounds passionate and joyful. the recording is noisy and in mono - the sound is coming from the right channel only.
the hip hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over arpeggiated piano melody, sustained high pitched violin melody, punchy snare and kick hits, simple hi hats, boomy bass and soft crash cymbal. it sounds heartfelt, emotional and sad.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of wide wooden percussion, arpeggiated strings melody and breathy flute melody layered with brass melody. it sounds soulful, mystical and passionate.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. it sounds boomy and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song and it consists of sustained cello melody played over passionate piano melody, after which there is a plucked cello melody. it sounds emotional and passionate.
this music is a beautiful harp instrumental. the tempo is slow with a mellow, gentle and rich harp melody. the music is dreamy, cascading, ethereal, soothing, calming and harmonic. this music is a western classical harp solo.
the low quality recording features a flat male vocal talking over an electro song that consists of a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern, short snare hit and offbeat shimmering hi hats. in the second part of the loop, the electro song is being scratched by a dj. the recording is noisy and
this is a recording of a cowbell. the cowbell is being played with the side and the tip of the drumstick repeatedly. this recording could be sampled for use in beat-making especially for genres that have a heavy usage of cowbells such as latin dance music.
the low quality recording features a bagpipe solo melody with some crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy.
this music is a lively drum instrumental. the tempo is fast with an enthusiastic drum routine. it is loud, rhythmic, catchy and intense.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals talking over reverberant female vocal melody, punchy snare and kick hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and mellow piano chord progression. it has a lot of reverb on it and it sounds easygoing, chill and gro
the low quality recording features a compilation of recordings where the first recording in the loop is a live performance that's distorted, loud and in mono. the second part of the recording is very noisy and it features bright bells, some resonating sounds and it sounds weird.
a male singer sings this passionate melody with backup singers in vocal harmony.  the song is medium tempo with a groovy bass line, steady drumming rhythm, keyboard accompaniment and other percussive hits. the song is a retro pop love song.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. there are some flat male vocals talking, after which there are harmonizing male vocals singing over it. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of harmonizing male vocals singing over groovy trombone, shimmering shakers, short brass melody and wooden percussive elements. it sounds passionate, emotional and happy.
the low quality recording features a dj scratching a vinyl of a jungle song that consists of punchy kick and snare hits layered with energetic crash cymbal and groovy bass. the song sounds thin as it is probably playing on a speaker. the recording itself is noisy and in mono. it sounds energetic and aggressive overall
the low quality recording features a children's song that consists of a passionate girls and boys singing over soft kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy piano chords, groovy bass and piano chords. it sounds soft, mellow, passionate, happy, fun and joyful - like something kids would listen to
this is a soothing italian ballad. the leading instruments are a harmonica and acoustic guitar on which arpeggios are played. the singer has a silky baritone voice, and captures the reflective and tranquil nature of the song with his performance.
this song contains acoustic drums playing a simple rock groove after coming in with some fill-ins on the toms. an e-bass is playing along. an e-guitar is playing a simple repeating melody then another e-guitar comes in strumming chords in the background. you can hear cl
the low quality recording features a live performance where a dj is playing his set. there are crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy and it sounds manic, aggressive, distorted and upbeat.
the low quality recording features a didgeridoo melody played outside, alongside some birds chirping and tinny wooden impacts sounds. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a dj scratching the vinyl of a hip hop instrumental that consists of punchy kick and snare hits and sustained filter modulated bass. the recording is muffled, noisy, mono and muddy, as it was probably recorded with a phone.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a single note played on a horn-like instrument. the instrument sounds like a jewish ram’s horn. it is loud, emphatic, and authoritative with the sound of running water in the background. it is a celebratory,festive ritual music for making
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists, followed by acoustic rhythm guitar chord progression and shimmering shaker. it is a bit reverberant and noisy, as they are playing in a room. it gives off happy and fun vibes.
the low quality recording features a rock song that consists of flat male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass guitar, wide electric guitar melody and groovy piano melody. it sounds energetic.
this is an afghan romantic pop piece. there is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. a harmonium is playing the main tune, at times simultaneously with the vocal. the rhythmic background is composed of the tabla percussion. there is an emotional feel to this piece. this piece could be used
this song features a harmonica playing the main melody. the harmonica plays three descending notes. this is followed by a double stop being played a total of nine times in groupings of two, three, three and one time. then it plays a higher note going down a descending scale of two more notes. this is
this is a country music piece. there is a female vocalist singing melodically as the lead at a medium-to-high range. a mandolin is playing the main theme while being backed by a bass guitar. the rhythmic background consists of a simple 4/4 acoustic drum beat.
this audio contains someone playing a xylophone sound and rattles. this is an amateur recording. you can hear clicking and recording noises. this audio may be playing demonstrating specific sounds on a device.
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists over acoustic guitar melody and acoustic rhythm guitar chords. it sounds emotional, passionate and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a tutorial where a flat male vocalist is talking after a clean electric guitar chord is played. judging by the short snippet at the end of the loop, there is a guitar pedal effect that changes the preset of the guitar sound. the recording is noisy and in mono.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a single note played on a horn-like instrument. the instrument sounds like a jewish ram’s horn. it is loud, emphatic, and authoritative with the sound of running water in the background. it is a celebratory,festive ritual music for making
this song contains a female voice singing along to a piano playing chords and the melody along. an acoustic drum is playing together with an e-bass. in the background you can hear an organ and a background choir. this song may be playing in a church.
this music is a lively instrumental. the tempo is fast with an animated clarinet lead, lively spanish guitar rhythm, ukulele accompaniment and bright tambourine /pandeireta beats. the music is upbeat, buoyant, peppy, cheerful, happy, playful and fun latin clarinet
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of wide wooden percussion, arpeggiated strings melody and breathy flute melody layered with brass melody. it sounds soulful, mystical and passionate.
the low quality recording features a low windpipe vocal sound played in nature, surrounded by flowing water and chirping birds sound effects. sounds a bit harsh and loud, as the tone of the windpipe is constantly changing.
the low quality recording features a huge orchestra playing drums alongside a tiny percussive element in the first half of the loop. in the second half, drums are played at half time. it sounds groovy, percussive, suspenseful and intense - like a background soundtrack for a movie scene.
the low quality recording features a tutorial where a flat male vocalist is talking, after which he plays an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. the recording is mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a punchy kick, shimmering hi hats, echoing stuttering vocal, punchy snare and synth down sweep. it sounds energetic and exciting.
the low quality recording features a traditional song sung by harmonizing female vocals and followed by wooden percussion, short flute licks and mellow piano chords. it sounds addictive and passionate.
the low quality recording features a kids song sung by harmonizing kids vocals over shimmering bells, claps, synth keys melody and groovy bass. it sounds fun, happy, addictive, thanks to that cadence, and like something kids would listen to.
the low quality recording features a passionate, reverberant male vocal singing over a wide arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody and acoustic guitar solo melody, followed by a simple bass. it sounds emotional and passionate.
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a keyboard accompaniment, sonic effects, various percussion hits, strong bass line and synth pad section. the song is eerie and full of tension. the song is tv show theme and has poor audio quality.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with various marching band drums playing in sync. the song is highly energetic and spirited. the song is bad in audio quality. the song is a college marching band playing enthusiastically.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal talking, repetitive cowbell percussion and manic drums. the recording is loud, messy, distorted, muffled and it sounds uptempo and energetic.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium fast tempo with various latin percussion playing groovily to the sounds of a rhodes organ melody. the song is romantic and passionate. the audio quality is average.
the reggae/dub song features a subtle funky electric guitar melody with echoing guitar pedal effects on, punchy snare, soft kick hits, groovy bass and shimmering cymbals, while the wide harmonizing male vocals are singing over it. it sounds easygoing and chill, like something you would listen
the ambient song features soft shimmering bells, mellow sustained strings, sustained low woodwinds and subtle wooden percussive elements, while there are birds chirping sounds in the background. it sounds relaxing and calming - like something that would put you in a zen mode.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals talking over reverberant female vocal melody, punchy snare and kick hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and mellow piano chord progression. it has a lot of reverb on it and it sounds easygoing, chill and gro
this music is a grim instrumental. the tempo is slow with a   violin symphony. the deep bass of the cello to the accompaniment of a steady, droning violin melody and the sound of a ringing bell give it a very intense and serious vibe. the music is enthralling, powerful
the low quality recording features a reverberant female vocal singing beautiful melodies over widely spread, arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody and wide mellow synth pad chords. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
the low quality recording features a tropical steel drum melody playing over background percussive instrumental. it is noisy, but it sounds tropical, exotic and emotional.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of passionate female vocal singing over wooden percussive elements, strings and flute melody. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it consists of flat male vocal singing over arpeggiated electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, shimmering hi hats, snappy rimshots and punchy kicks. in the background, there are some crowd singing and crowd cheering noises. it sounds
the low quality recording features a wide choir singing over widely spread strings and brass melody, followed by a sizzling triangle. it sounds epic, powerful and passionate. the recording is a bit noisy.
this is a live recording of a didgeridoo being played. the musician  takes a deep breath intermittently while playing the deep, bellowing tone of the instrument.
the low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a suspenseful brass melody, sustained strings and dynamic low percussion roll, after which there is an alarm sound. it sounds suspenseful and intense.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of reversed hi hats, followed by shimmering 2 step hi hats and "4 on the floor" kick pattern playing on top of it. it sounds groovy and exciting.
the low quality recording features an ambient song that consists of a wide sustained string melody going left and right through the stereo image. there are tinny wooden sounds in the background, as the recording is a bit noisy. even though it is calming and relaxing, it is a bit disturbing too.
this music is a lively instrumental. the tempo is fast with a spirited violin which is most likely a pochette playing a spirited harmony. the music is upbeat, catchy, happy,cheerful, engaging and energetic. this instrumental is a folk song instrumental.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of harmonizing male vocals singing over wide, bouncy wooden percussion, wide acoustic rhythm guitar, groovy bass, punchy kick and strings melody. it sounds passionate, energetic and groovy.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate male vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds hypnotic, relaxing and calming - like something you would listen to while doing yoga.
the low quality recording features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide wooden percussion, groovy bass and shimmering shakers. it sounds emotional and passionate.
the rock song features a passionate male vocal, layered with harmonizing background male vocals, singing over electric rhythm guitar chords spread widely in the stereo image, thin snare, energetic crash, groovy bass, shimmering hi hats and punchy kick hits. it sounds energetic, groovy and kind of addictive thanks to those
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a muffled soul song that consists of harmonizing vocals and passionate female vocals. it is too noisy, almost crushed - it is barely recognizable as a soul song. it seems it was recorded with a poor quality microphone.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a passionate male vocal singing over groovy trombone, shimmering shakers, short brass melody and wooden percussive elements. it sounds joyful, happy and fun - like something kids would listen to.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with a lively trumpets, trombone,enthusiastic percussion like the snare, cymbals and bass drum, tambourine, an intense and bright string harmony of violins, cello and viola. the music is intense, serious and
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium fast with a guitar lead, guitar rhythm, steady rock drumming, a percussive bass line along with ambient street noises and roller skate wheel noises. the song is a home video sound track with lots of energy. the song audio quality is poor.
the low quality recording features a short snippet of echoing effect at the beginning, after which there is a theremin swell. it sounds suspenseful, intense and the recording is noisy and in mono.
this music is an electronic instrumental. the tempo is medium with synthesiser arrangements, electronic xylophone harmony and digital drum beats. the music is soothing, punchy, groovy, hypnotic and engaging. this music is synth pop.
this is a live performance from a female cabaret quartet. they have different vocal ranges and harmonise every line of the song. the audience cheers and claps as they sing. the song feels jazzy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocals, energetic muffled drums, energetic cymbals, snare rolls, uptempo electric guitar melody and groovy bass guitar. it sounds energetic, muffled and loud, but it is barely audible, especially because of the
this is a kids music piece. there is a keyboard playing the main tune while the wind chimes and the xylophone can be heard adding texture. there are sound effects such as clicks and a clown horn. a female voice says "ice cream". the atmosphere is goofy and generic. this piece could be used in
the low quality recording features a groovy bass guitar, punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern and tinny percussion. in the second half of the loop the music cuts out and there is a short silence, after which comes the wide, muffled sound effects. at the very end, there is a slow
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a short snippet of echoing effect at the beginning, after which there is a theremin swell. it sounds suspenseful, intense and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it consists of flat male vocals counting down over addictive synth melody, energetic drums and groovy bass guitar. there are loud crowd screams in the background. it sounds distorted, loud and crushed, as it was probably recorded with a phone, but it is still
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. there are some flat male vocals talking, after which there are harmonizing male vocals singing over it. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
the low quality recording features a metal song that consists of screaming male vocals over smooth bass guitar, shimmering cymbals and electric guitar feedback that creates a perfect transition for the section that has a muffled electric guitar riff located in the left channel of the stereo image. it sounds aggressive and energetic.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of wide wooden percussion, arpeggiated strings melody and breathy flute melody layered with brass melody. it sounds soulful, mystical and passionate.
the low quality recording features a filtered monster growl, followed by a wide arpeggiated synth. it sounds spooky and haunting.
the low quality recording features a sound from a video game that consists of sea sound effects, seagull sound effects, ping pong sound effects and weird, short, pitch bend riser sounds. in the beginning of the loop, there is a short snippet of some music playing in the background. the instrumental consists only
a male vocalist sings this soft korean melody. the tempo is medium with a romantic piano accompaniment, steady drumming, simple bass lines, chimes, synthesiser arrangements and male vocal backup. the song is a soft, romantic, emotional, mellow, dulcet, melodic love song. this
the low quality recording features a sustained didgeridoo melody played over quiet, shimmering shakers and wooden percussion. it sounds intense and suspenseful.
this is an instrumental heavy metal piece. there is a bass guitar gently playing the melody with a clean sound. it is a melodic piece with a touch of melancholy. this piece can be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie or a tv series, especially during flashback scenes. it could also be used in video games
a male vocalist sings this enthusiastic hip-hop song. the tempo is medium fast with a lively keyboard harmony, slick drumming, subtle drumming, cymbals, synthesiser arrangements and enthusiastic vocal backup. the song is lively, spirited, youthful, passionate, emotional and persuasive. it talks about love, peace
the low quality recording features an aggressive male vocal talking over synth pad chords, sustained, mellow female vocals and reverberant percussion. it sounds suspenseful and intense. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a cover of a kids song and it consists of a sweet girl vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar located in the right channel of the stereo image, which makes the stereo image unbalanced. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds fun, happy, emotional and innocent.
this is an instructive recording about body percussion. in the beginning, there is a backing track that has the sitar and the tabla in it. then, the music stops and a boy starts talking about body percussion in the italian language. the part where the backing track is playing could be sampled for use in beat
the low quality recording features a lullaby that consists of widely spread intimate female vocals singing against each other, creating a bit of a chaotic atmosphere. there are also sustained strings melody and mellow piano melody playing in the background. it sounds soft, mellow and emotional.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk song and it contains harmonizing mixed vocals singing over groovy bass, groovy accordion melody and arpeggiated acoustic guitar solo melody. at the end of the loop, there is a short snippet of passionate female vocal singing over the instrumental. it sounds passionate
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is medium with an amplified guitar lead harmony and synthesiser articulation. the music is not very clear as the recording quality is inferior, but the harmony is catchy, spirited and youthful.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of passionate male vocal singing over energetic drums, electric guitar solo melody, energetic cymbals, muffled snare and kick hits and groovy bass guitar. there are also some crowd noises, singing along. it sounds energetic, emotional and addictive,
the low quality recording features a kids song sung by harmonizing kids vocals over shimmering bells, claps, synth keys melody and groovy bass. it sounds fun, happy, addictive, thanks to that cadence, and like something kids would listen to.
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a widely spread harpsichord melody. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds emotional and passionate.
the low quality recording features a cover of a children's song and it consists of an emotional girl vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar located in the right channel of the stereo image - which makes the stereo image unbalanced. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds fun, happy, emotional and innocent.
the low quality recording features a wide choir female vocals singing, while there is a flat male vocal talking over it. it sounds like a tutorial of sorts.
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is slow with an electric guitar lead and harmony of a popular song. no other instrument is used. it is mellow, pleasant, nostalgic, soft, mellifluous and soothing.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a jazz song and it consists of a passionate female vocalist singing over groovy bass guitar, mellow synth keys melody and electric guitar melody, followed by shimmering tambourine, hi hats and punchy kick. it sounds emotional, passionate and soulful.
the low quality recording features a groovy bass guitar playing with guitar pedal chorus effect. in the first half of the loop, there is a modulated chorus effect, while in the second part, there is a classic chorus effect on.
the low quality recording features an electric guitar melody played with reverb pedal effect on. the player turns the pedal off in the second half of the loop, as it is probably a comparison tutorial. it is noisy, mono and buzzy.
the low quality recording features a groovy bass guitar playing with guitar pedal chorus effect. in the first half of the loop, there is a modulated chorus effect, while in the second part, there is a classic chorus effect on.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a reverberant male vocal singing over widely spread groovy piano chord progression, brass section, shimmering shakers, groovy percussive elements and smooth bass. it sounds tropical, exotic and fun, like something you would hear at latin weddings.
the low quality recording features a cover of a kids song and it consists of a sweet girl vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar located in the right channel of the stereo image - which makes the stereo image unbalanced. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds fun, happy, emotional and innocent.
the low quality recording features a reverberant sound of boomy bass guitar, muffled drums, simple electric guitar chords and melodic male vocal singing over it. it sounds like it was recorded on a phone, since it is mono.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of passionate female vocal singing over wooden percussive elements, strings and flute melody. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and the recording is noisy.
this is an amateur recording of a gospel music performance. there are two organs playing simultaneously, taking turns in playing groovy melodies. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythmic background consists of an acoustic drum beat that gives peak sounds due to the poor quality of the recording. there is a sophisticated feel
the low quality recording features a passionate female vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide wooden percussion, groovy bass and shimmering shakers. it sounds joyful, emotional and passionate. the recording is noisy.
this clip features a note played on a saxophone. the note goes slightly flat and slightly sharp over the course of playing. there is no melody in this song. there are no other instruments in this song. there are no voices in this song. this song can be used for an instruction video on holding a note on
the low quality recording features a commercial music that consists punchy kick, claps, shimmering hi hats, short brass hit layered with short sustained synth lead note, groovy synth bass that sounds like a siren, reverberant percussive elements and crowd chant at the end of the loop. it sounds energetic
the low quality recording features a wide punchy toms, wide aggressive electric guitars, sustained synth lead, distorted filtered bass and tinny hi hats. it sounds energetic and exciting.
this audio contains a string section playing a sad/melancholic piece. a violin/viola is playing the lead melody while celli and upright basses being played with a bow are supporting the melody with chords. the lead melody is panned to the right side of the speakers. this song may be playing in
the low quality recording features a rock song that consists of a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide acoustic rhythm guitar chords, groovy bass, punchy kick and snare hits. it sounds addictive and easygoing, even though the recording is a bit messy.
the low quality recording features a tutorial where a fruity male vocalist is talking in-between electric guitar chords. there is a very buzzy guitar amp in the background and the recording is very noisy.
the low quality recording features a compilation of basketball game highlights and it consists of crowd cheering and floor squeaking sound effects, followed by commentary of energetic male vocals, while a r&b song is playing in the background. the song consists of a boomy kick, claps, shimmering hi hats, high pitched piano
this is a hip-hop music piece. there is a male vocal rapping in the lead. the beat has a soul music sample as the main structure. there is a choir singing melodically. the piano and the electric guitar are playing the tune with the backing of a bass guitar. the rhythmic background consists
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate male vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds mellow, soft, sad and so emotional that you forget about how noisy the recording actually is.
the low quality recording features a rock song that consists of a melancholic male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering ride cymbals, groovy bass guitar and acoustic rhythm guitar. it sounds emotional and heartfelt.
the low quality recording features a lullaby that consists of widely spread intimate female vocals singing against each other, creating a bit of a chaotic atmosphere. there are also sustained strings melody and mellow piano melody playing in the background. the stereo image is unbalanced and it sounds soft, haunting and chaotic.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a passionate male vocal singing over groovy trombone, shimmering shakers, short brass melody and wooden percussive elements. it sounds joyful, happy and happy.
this clip features a percussion based song with no other instruments. the focus is on the kick drum and snare with minimal use of cymbals. hand claps are played along with the snare. the percussion beat is random. sounds of snipping are played. crunchy sounds are played in this clip. there
a male vocalist sings this enthusiastic hip-hop song. the tempo is medium fast with a lively keyboard harmony, slick drumming, subtle drumming, cymbals, synthesiser arrangements and enthusiastic vocal backup. the song is lively, spirited, youthful, passionate, emotional and persuasive. it talks about love, peace
the low quality recording features a mellow harp melody. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds soft and mellow.
this is an amateur recording of an afrobeat piece playing in the background of a dance performance. the piece can be barely heard from the cheering sounds coming from the crowd. the piece has a clear afrobeat rhythm and it is used as an accompaniment for an african dance.
the low quality recording features a traditional song sung by harmonizing female vocals and followed by wooden percussion, short flute licks and mellow piano chords. it sounds addictive and passionate.
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over pulsating synth lead melody, groovy bass, "4 on the floor" kick pattern, punchy snare, shimmering hi hats and some wooden percussive elements. it sounds energetic and addictive.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the electro pop song features a flat female vocal, occasionally supported by wide background female doubling vocals, singing over quiet drums, groovy and boomy bass, arpeggiated synth melody and some sound effects of the airplane and the explosion. in the second part, the drums cut through the mix more, therefore they are
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with various latin percussion playing groovily to the sounds of a rhodes organ melody. the song is romantic and passionate. the soundtrack is a demonstration for a  keyboard model.
the low quality recording features a resonating mellow bell playing. it sounds relaxing, calming, soft, mellow, haunting and hypnotic. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a groovy piano organ keys in the left channel and organ keys lead melody played in the right and the middle channel of the stereo image, followed by groovy bass, shimmering hi hats and soft kick hits. it sounds happy and joyful.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a gospel song and it consists of harmonizing mixed choir vocals singing in a very large space. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and powerful.
the low quality recording features a mellow synth pad, mellow snare hits, soft kick hits, reverberant tinny bells, groovy bass and there is a flat male vocal singing over it. it sounds calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock and roll song performed by passionate female vocal and male vocal ad libs, followed by groovy piano melody, funky electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, shimmering hi hats, punchy snare and soft kick hits. it is a bit noisy and there
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the disco song features a passionate male vocalist singing over funky electric guitar melody, groovy bass, punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats and groovy synth keys melody. it sounds groovy, funky and passionate.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a loud gunshots sound effects, wooden impact and squeaking floor sound effects, while a suspicious background music is playing in the background and it consists groovy woodwind melody, woodwind solo melody, tinny bells melody located in the left channel of the stereo image and smooth bass. the recording is
the low quality recording features a dj scratching the vinyl of a hip hop instrumental that consists of punchy kick and snare hits and sustained filter modulated bass. the recording is muffled, noisy, mono and muddy, as it was probably recorded with a phone.
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is medium with a smooth electric guitar lead harmony. the music is clear, emphatic, smooth, groovy, youthful, crisp, edgy and dominant.
this is a symphonic orchestra playing  a piece that's riveting, thrilling and exciting. the peace would be suitable in a movie when something grand and impressive happens. there are clarinets, tubas, trumpets and french horns being played. the brass instruments help create that sense of a momentous occasion
this song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with simple keyboard harmony, melodious guitar rhythm with the sound of a bell, waves and fingers snapping which could be a friction of fingers against the strings.the song is soft, melodic, pleasant, simple, calming and peaceful.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with a droning melody of didgeridoo. the music is complex, powerful, emphatic and the droning tone makes it trippy, psychedelic, meditative and hypnotic.
the low quality recording features a funk song that consists of crowd cheering and crowd singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, brass melody and groovy bass. it sounds groovy.
this song contains digital drums playing a hiphop kinda feel along with a bassline. the most energy comes from the male voice singing with autotune and a lot of backing voices cheering and singing along: then a male voice starts rapping. the backing voices are spread across the both sides of the speakers. this song
the low quality recording features a dj scratching a vinyl of a jungle song that consists of punchy kick and snare hits layered with energetic crash cymbal and groovy bass. it sounds energetic, aggressive and upbeat - like an intro section of the song.
this is an instrumental harp cover of a heavy metal music piece. the atmosphere of the recording is lively. this piece could be used in the soundtrack of an arcade video game. it could also be sampled for use in beat-making.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a widely spread stuttering synth melody, buzzy synth bass and distorted electric guitar melody. it sounds distorted, loud, suspenseful and energetic.
this music is a lively instrumental. the tempo is fast with an enthusiastic brass and wind instrument harmony. the vigorous trumpets, trombone and tuba accompaniment, along with clanging cymbals and playful clarinet make for an upbeat, cheerful, happy, energetic and perky band music.
this is a low quality audio recording. it starts with a dj console scratching a record. this is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a repetitive melody. a berimbau plays after the scratching sound and the percussion continues to play the same beat. the berimbau plays the string as well as adds to the beat in the
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of passionate female vocal singing over breathy flute melody, wooden percussion, keys chords and acoustic guitar chords. it sounds soulful, passionate and the recording is in mono and noisy.
a male singer sings this passionate melody with auto tuned vocals. the song is medium tempo with indian percussion, dholak percussion, keyboard accompaniment and various percussion hits. the song is a punjabi pop song with poor audio quality.
the low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a brass solo melody played over sustained brass melody and short flute lick. it sounds emotional, joyful and the recording is noisy.
the soft rock song features a passionate male vocalist singing over a wide electric guitar melody, punchy snare, soft kick hits, groovy bass guitar and shimmering hi-hats. it sounds sad, emotional and passionate - like something you would listen to on a day you are feeling down.
the low quality recording features a metal song that consists of screaming male vocals over smooth bass guitar, shimmering cymbals and electric guitar feedback that creates a perfect transition for the section that has a muffled electric guitar riff located in the left channel of the stereo image. it sounds aggressive and energetic.
the low quality recording features a jazz song that consists of a saxophone solo melody played over hollow snare, groovy double bass, shimmering hi hats and mellow piano chords. it sounds uptempo, groovy and passionate - like something you would hear in traditional jazz bars.
a male vocalist sings this passionate rap. the tempo is medium with steady drumming, keyboard harmony,boomy bass drops and rhythmic finger snapping. the vocalist is spelling a word in a simple melody indicating that this song is a children’s song. it is educational, catchy, bouncy and
the soft rock song features a mellow female vocal singing the same melody as the lead electric guitar, followed by widely spread acoustic rhythm guitars, simple bass, soft kick hits, punchy snare, simple hi hats, shimmering open hats and energetic crash cymbals. there is a short snare roll at some
a male vocalist sings this energetic rap. the tempo is fast with the vocalist singing a hip-hop song with acapella. no instrumentation is used apart from the vocal percussive beats. the song is a youthful, enthusiastic,engaging, insistent, passionate, groovy, rhythmic
the low quality recording features a muffled male vocal talking, after which he starts playing breathy flute melody. it is noisy, in mono and it sounds muffled and distorted, as it was probably recorded with a poor quality microphone.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with a harpist playing a bass line accompanying a violist. the song is folk-like with a dance rhythm. the audio quality is poor with ambient crowd noise.
this is a percussion instrumental. the tempo is medium fast with the drummer playing a groovy beat on the bass drum. the effect is low pitched loud, booming, resounding vibrato. there is no other instrument in this clip, so this could either be a tutorial or an introduction to a song.
this song contains digital drums playing along with a funky synth bassline. a male voice is rapping in a higher key. then a female voice takes over singing a melody along to the bass. this song may be playing loud when at home alone.
the disco song features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over sustained strings melody, piano melody, brass melody, punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats and some claps. it sounds funky, addictive and passionate - like something you would hear on a radio.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate female vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds mellow, soft, sad and so emotional that you forget about how noisy the recording actually is.
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a keyboard accompaniment, sonic effects, various percussion hits, strong bass line and synth pad section. the song is eerie and full of tension. the song is tv show theme and has poor audio quality.
the low quality recording features a reverberant female vocal singing beautiful melodies over widely spread acoustic rhythm guitars chord progressions. it sounds passionate and emotional thanks to that female vocal.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal talking, energetic male vocals, muffled drums, energetic cymbals, snare rolls, uptempo electric guitar melody and groovy bass guitar. it sounds energetic and exciting.
the song is an instrumental with sounds of a woman screaming and running with huffing and puffing sounds. a chainsaw buzzes ominously, with a string section playing a scary and tense accompaniment along with a cello building the tension with a poignant harmony. the music is a horror movie soundtrack or an ad
this is an amateur recording of a ugandan traditional music piece. the piece is instrumental and percussive in nature. the amadinda (which is a ugandan xylophone) is playing a joyful tune. the atmosphere is playful.
this music is a country song instrumental. the tempo is slow with a mellifluous auto harp harmony, steady drumming, rhythmic acoustic guitar and subtle bass lines. the music is melodic, soothing, peaceful, nostalgic,mellow and dulcet country song instrumental.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of reverberant, fruity male vocal singing over wooden & percussive elements, sizzling triangle hits, sustained strings melody, plucked strings melody and breathy flute melody layered with brass melody. it sounds soulful, passionate, emotional, calming and
this is a lullaby in the style of chinese traditional music. it is an instrumental piece. the qin is playing the main tune while the erhu is holding notes in the background. the occasional higher end strum of the guzheng can be heard. the atmosphere is calming and relaxing. this piece would fit
the low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a wide strings melody, low brass and woodwinds melody. it sounds suspenseful and intense.
the ambient song features a widely spread dark mellow synth pad. there is a mellow noise sound effect at the beginning of the loop. it sounds dark, calming and relaxing - like something you would listen to while doing yoga.
this techno song features a male voice narrating a line. the song starts off with programmed percussion playing the kick and sleigh bells on alternate counts of the bar. a sliding sound is heard in the background like a sleigh on snow. the volume of the sliding sound increases in volume toward the end. a vinyl scratch
the low quality recording features a cover of a regional mexican song and it consists of a passionate male vocalist singing over acoustic rhythm guitar located in the right channel of the stereo image, which makes the stereo image unbalanced. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
this is a traditional middle eastern song from an older era. the recording quality suggests that this is a vintage song. there is a group of children singing the same melody in unison, and then there is a male with soothing vocal. the song comes in at a medium tempo and is suitable for dancing.
this is a meditation music piece. there is a didgeridoo playing a vague melody at the forefront while repetitive shamanic drum hits can be heard in the background. the atmosphere is profound and calming. this piece can be used in the background of meditation videos. it can be used during sessions at yoga centers.
this music is a lively instrumental. the tempo is fast with an animated clarinet lead, lively spanish guitar rhythm, ukulele accompaniment and bright tambourine /pandeireta beats. the music is upbeat, buoyant, peppy, cheerful, happy, playful and fun latin clarinet
this is a bluegrass music piece performance. iconic to the american folk songs, it involves a rapidly played banjo solo. the atmosphere of the piece is cozy and positive. this piece could be used in rural social media content or in a comedy show taking place in rural usa.
this clip features a home recording of a musical piece using low quality gear. the clip is of a bass guitar and the sound is captured on the video capturing device and not through a mixer. the bass is playing hammer ons and harmonic notes. the notes are played on a particular scale. no percussion is played and no
this orchestral song features violins playing the main melody using staccato notes. the volume of the violins increases over time in the song. the bass plays a booming note on the alternate count of every bar. the bass is played on a live acoustic drum. there are no voices in this song. this
this song features synth pads playing in the background. synth sounds are layered to give a wave-like feel. there is no percussion in this song. bells are played at intervals. toward the end, a mid-range flute sound is played. the sound of rattles are played in the background.
a male singer sings this cool melody with backup singers in vocal harmony. the song is medium tempo with a groovy bass line, steady drumming rhythm, keyboard accompaniment and other percussive hits. the song is groovy and exciting. the song has a home video intro followed by a rap song.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
this is an instrumental progressive/math rock piece. the electric guitar is playing a complex solo with rapid procession of notes using the tapping technique. there is a reverberating piano sample in the background. the atmosphere is trippy. this piece can be used in the soundtrack of a video game that takes place in outer space.
the low quality recording features a flat male vocal talking over digital synth melody, followed by stuttering buzzy noise. the recording is in mono and very noisy.
the low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a wide strings melody, shimmering triangle, shimmering cymbals and wide brass melody. it sounds epic, joyful and passionate.
the low quality recording features a fruity male vocal talking, after which he starts singing over harmonizing choir, groovy bass, mellow piano melody, shimmering cymbals, punchy kick, punchy tom and snappy rimshots. it sounds emotional, soulful and passionate.
the low quality recording features a commercial song that consists of wooden percussion, soft kick hits, echoing bells, toms and buzzy synth lead. there is a very weird pause in the song, which was supposed to be a break. it sounds weird and minimal.
the low quality recording features a lullaby that consists of widely spread intimate female vocals singing against each other, creating a bit of a chaotic atmosphere. there are also sustained strings melody and mellow piano melody playing in the background. it sounds soft, mellow and emotional.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a drum solo that consists of punchy snare hits and occasional snare roll, punchy kick and shimmering hi-hats. it sounds energetic and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a gospel song and it consists of harmonizing mixed choir vocals singing in a very large space. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and powerful.
the low quality recording features a funk song that consists of crowd cheering and crowd singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, brass melody and groovy bass. it sounds groovy, funky and passionate. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a wide filtered, reverberant laser synth, punchy kick layered with energetic crash cymbal and synth pad chord. it sounds suspenseful and intense.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a gospel song and it consists of harmonizing mixed choir vocals singing in a very large space. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and powerful.
this audio contains a loud and strong digital drum almost sounding like an acoustic drum set. a bass sound rich in harmonica is serving as bassline while a short female shouting voice sample is repeatedly being played as a rhythmic element. this song may be playing for a dance battle.
the low quality recording features a children's song played on tv that consists of funny male and female vocal singing over mellow piano chord progression and happy sounding bells melody. it is really noisy and in mono, but it sounds happy and fun - like something kids would listen to.
this is an amateur recording of a gospel music performance. there are two organs playing simultaneously, taking turns in playing groovy melodies. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythmic background consists of an acoustic drum beat that gives peak sounds due to poor quality of the recording. there is a sophisticated feel to
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of reversed hi hats, followed by shimmering 2 step hi hats and "4 on the floor" kick pattern playing on top of it. it sounds groovy and exciting.
the low quality recording features a loud gunshots sound effects, wooden impact and squeaking floor sound effects, while a suspicious background music is playing in the background and it consists groovy woodwind melody, tinny bells melody located in the left channel of the stereo image and smooth bass. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a compilation of basketball game highlights and it consists of crowd cheering and floor squeaking sound effects, followed by commentary of energetic male vocals, while a r&b song is playing in the background. the song consists of a boomy kick, claps, shimmering hi hats, high pitched piano
the low quality recording features a jazz song playing in the background while people are shoe tapping to it. the jazz song at least consists of passionate male vocal, groovy bass and brass section, since those elements are audible. it is reverberant and in mono, as it was probably recorded with a phone.
the low quality recording features a bagpipe solo melody with some crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds emotional and easygoing.
the low quality recording features a reggae song sung by low flat male vocals, followed by repetitive synth lead melody, groovy bass, vocal chants, claps, punchy kick hits, shimmering hi hats and open hats. it sounds energetic, suspenseful and it is in mono. at one point the vocal cracks
the low quality recording features an ambient song that consists of a wide filter modulate synth pad melody going, wide mellow synth pad and short growly synth bass. at the end of the loop, there is a reverberant riser, subtly bringing the energy up. it sounds calming and relaxing.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a ukelele melody. the musician plays two notes in monotone which sounds like the instrument is being tuned. this clip is a tutorial on how to tune a ukulele.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a gospel song and it consists of harmonizing mixed choir vocals singing in a very large space. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and powerful.
the low quality recording features a boomy xylophone melody that gives off fun and happy vibes. due to a huge amount of low frequencies, the recording sounds muddy as well.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide, arpeggiated electric guitar melody, boomy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds emotional and passionate.
this is an amateur recording of a boy singing along to a kids song playing on a tv. it is an educational song with a female voice in the lead. the melody is being played by an acoustic guitar while the rhythm is played by the electronic drums. the quality of the recording is quite poor. samples lifted from
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a commercial song that consists of wooden percussion, soft kick hits, echoing bells, toms and buzzy synth lead. there is a very weird pause in the song, which was supposed to be a break. it sounds weird and minimal.
this clip features a drum kit being played. different parts of the drum kit are played. at the beginning, a female narrates the process in one line following which different parts of the kit are struck. this sound can be played in a drum test scenario.
the low quality recording features a reggae song sung by low flat male vocals, followed by repetitive synth lead melody, groovy bass, vocal chants, claps, punchy kick hits, shimmering hi hats and open hats. it sounds energetic, suspenseful and it is in mono. at one point the vocal cracks
this is a romanian folk music piece. it is a live performance. in the background, there is a contrabass and a cimbalom playing. the main melody is being played by the violin and the accordion. the atmosphere is vibrant and cheerful. this piece could be used in the soundtrack of a comedy
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the low quality recording features a passionately arpeggiated electric guitar melody. the recording is noisy and in mono, as it was probably recorded with a phone and it sounds emotional and passionate.
the low quality recording features a tutorial where a flat male vocalist is talking after a clean electric guitar chord is played. judging by the short snippet at the end of the loop, there is a guitar pedal effect that changes the preset of the guitar sound. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a mellow synth pad, mellow snare hits, soft kick hits, reverberant tinny bells, groovy bass and there is a flat male vocal singing over it. it sounds calming and relaxing.
this is an instrumental folk song with the melody played both by a banjo and a violin at the same time. the combination of these instruments creates a very american, western-movie type of atmosphere. it could be used in opening sequences of movies/shows taking place in rural usa.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering cymbals, groovy bass guitar and acoustic rhythm guitar. at the end of the loop, there is a short tom roll, representing a transition to the next section
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
this is an amateur recording of a gospel music performance. there are two organs playing simultaneously, taking turns in playing groovy melodies. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythmic background consists of an acoustic drum beat that gives peak sounds due to the poor quality of the recording. there is a sophisticated feel
the low quality recording features a dj scratching a vinyl of a jungle song that consists of punchy kick and snare hits layered with energetic crash cymbal and groovy bass. the song sounds thin as it is probably playing on a speaker. the recording itself is noisy and in mono. it sounds energetic and aggressive overall
the low quality recording features a kids song sung by harmonizing kids vocals over shimmering bells, claps, synth keys melody and groovy bass. it sounds fun, happy, addictive, thanks to that cadence, and like something kids would listen to.
the low quality recording features an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody, shimmering bells melody, plucked strings melody and sustained strings melody, followed by chime bells. there are some crowd cheering noises in the background. it sounds emotional and joyful.
this is a pop music piece performed acoustically. the male and female vocals take turns singing melodically as a duet. the simple melody is being played by a ukulele. the aura of the song is very calm and easygoing. it could be used in the soundtrack of a teenage drama.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
this audio contains someone playing a classical piece on a cembalo.this song may be playing live in a theater.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists, followed by acoustic rhythm guitar chord progression and shimmering shaker. it is a bit reverberant and noisy, as they are playing in a room. it gives off happy and fun vibes.
the low quality recording features a live performance where a dj is playing his set. there are crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy and it sounds manic, aggressive, distorted and upbeat.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. it sounds boomy and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a cover of a kids song and it consists of a sweet girl vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar located in the right channel of the stereo image - which makes the stereo image unbalanced. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds fun, happy, emotional and innocent.
this song features an electric guitar playing arpeggiated chords. there are open strings being played in the arpeggios. a chorus effect is added to the guitar sound. at the end of the song, one guitar chord is played. there are no voices in this song. this is an instrumental song. there
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
this audio contains a male voice talking when someone starts playing a melody in the lower mid-range on a saxophone. this song may be playing live during a saxophone class.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals talking over reverberant female vocal melody, punchy snare and kick hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and mellow piano chord progression. it has a lot of reverb on it and it sounds easygoing, chill and gro
the low quality recording features a dj scratching his vinyl track that consists of a boomy 808 bass, low male vocal, laser synth lead melody, soft white noise, low synth down sweep and wide short snare roll. there is some widely spread snare roll at the end of the first section of the loop. it
the low quality recording features a folk song that consists of a groovy accordion melody, strings melody, acoustic rhythm guitar, energetic drums and some crowd male chants and wide claps. it sounds energetic, fun and happy.
the low quality recording features an alternative/indie song that consists of arpeggiated synth keys, growl synth bass, mellow synth bells melody and synth pad chords. it sounds chill and easygoing.
the low quality recording features a wide punchy toms, wide aggressive electric guitars, sustained synth lead, distorted filtered bass and tinny hi hats. it sounds energetic and exciting.
this is a hip-hop music piece. there is a male vocal rapping in the lead. the beat has a brass sample and a female voice sample. there is a strong bass sound. the rhythmic background consists of an electronic drum beat. the atmosphere is groovy. this piece could be playing in the background
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds energetic, exciting and addictive - thanks to that cadence.
this is an amateur recording of a gospel music performance. there are two organs playing simultaneously, taking turns in playing groovy melodies. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythmic background consists of an acoustic drum beat that gives peak sounds due to poor quality of the recording. there is a sophisticated feel to
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with an animated banjo lead harmony. there is minimal instrumentation with cheerful,popping vibrations of this beautiful instrument. it is lively,spirited, cheerful and adds a beautiful layer to country and folk songs.
this song features a female voice singing the main melody. this is accompanied by a harp on which chords are being played. there are no other instruments in this song. this song can be played in a romantic movie.
the low quality recording features an ambient song that consists of sustained synth pad chord and mellow strings melody. it sounds mystical, soft, mellow, relaxing and calming - like something you would hear while having a massage.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a widely spread stuttering synth melody, buzzy synth bass and distorted electric guitar melody. it sounds distorted, loud, suspenseful and energetic.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song and it contains trombone melody playing over shimmering hi hats and sustained strings. it sounds muffled, but also passionate and emotional.
this is a nu-metal piece performed live on the stage. there is a male vocal shouting the words at the end of the song. the electric guitar is repeating the same tune while the bass guitar is playing in the background. the drummer plays fills on the acoustic drums to provide the rhythmic background. there is a
this is an amateur recording of a ugandan traditional music piece. the piece is instrumental and percussive in nature. the amadinda (which is a ugandan xylophone) is playing a joyful tune. the atmosphere is playful.
the low quality recording features a muffled crowd talking in the background while there is a horn melody, alongside horn siren sound playing. it sounds like a traditional thing to do.
the low quality recording features a loud gunshots sound effects, wooden impact and squeaking floor sound effects, while a suspicious background music is playing in the background and it consists groovy woodwind melody, woodwind solo melody, tinny bells melody located in the left channel of the stereo image and smooth bass. the recording is
this is a comedic music piece used in the background of an animation. there is a medium-to-high pitch synth playing the main theme with an electric guitar and bass guitar pattern in the background. the rhythm consists of a simple electronic drum beat. a lot of sound effects are used such as falling, biting and running
the low quality recording features a wide resonating woodwind melody. the recording is loud, noisy with some crackles and it sounds harsh.
the low quality recording features a tutorial that consists of a french horn melody played in-between flat male vocal talking. the recording is noisy, mono and quiet.
the low quality recording features an ambient scraping synth lead playing. it sounds muddy, muffled, but also spacey and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with a groovy bass line, techno drumming rhythm, keyboard accompaniment and other percussive hits. the song is energetic and exciting. the song is of poor audio quality and has a lot of ambient crowd noises,
the low quality recording features a low windpipe vocal sound played in nature, surrounded by flowing water and chirping birds sound effects. sounds a bit harsh and loud, as the tone of the windpipe is constantly changing.
the low quality recording features a children's song that consists of a flat male vocal singing over groovy piano melody, simple bass, simple hi hats, punchy snare, soft kick hits, synth lead melody, electric guitar melody and bells melody. it sounds happy, fun and joyful - like something kids would listen to
this song contains digital drums playing a kick on every beat together with a digital synth bass playing a simple almost monotone bassline. a male voice is singing in a deeper key. this song is running through some filters opening up and with a lot of reverb. this song may be playing while having a car ride
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of banjo solo melody and electric guitar melody going back and forth, energetic drums, groovy bass and sustained strings melody playing in the background. the recording is noisy and in mono, and it sounds energetic and passionate.
the song is an instrumental. the song is slow tempo with a sweeping string section harmony along with a low pitched harmony played in harmony, and howling tones played by a horn like instrument. the song is emotional with a surreal effect. the song audio quality is poor.
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists over acoustic guitar melody and acoustic rhythm guitar chords. it sounds emotional, passionate and the recording is noisy and in mono.
this song features synth pads playing in the background. synth sounds are layered to give a wave-like feel. there is no percussion in this song. bells are played at intervals. toward the end, a mid-range flute sound is played. the sound of rattles are played in the background.
this is a lullaby that features a main melody made with a xylophone that has a bright sound. a sustained piano synth creates a dreamy and sleepy ambience sound. a subtle cello plays single chords that bounce from one beat to the next. this is a song a baby could fall asleep to.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of wide wooden percussion, arpeggiated strings melody and breathy flute melody layered with brass melody. it sounds soulful, mystical and passionate.
the low quality recording features a dj scratching the vinyl of a hip hop instrumental that consists of punchy kick and snare hits and sustained filter modulated bass. the recording is muffled, noisy, mono and muddy, as it was probably recorded with a phone.
a male vocalist sings this soft korean melody. the tempo is medium with a romantic piano accompaniment, steady drumming, simple bass lines, chimes, synthesiser arrangements and male vocal backup. the song is a soft, romantic, emotional, mellow, sentimental, dulcet, melodic love song
the low quality recording features an echoing theremin melody, slowly fading out, over growly synth bass. it sounds suspenseful and haunting - like something you would hear in horror movies.
the low quality recording features a metal song that consists of screaming male vocals over smooth bass guitar, shimmering cymbals and electric guitar feedback that creates a perfect transition for the section that has a muffled electric guitar riff located in the left channel of the stereo image. it sounds aggressive and energetic.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with a loud crash tone which undulates percussively and fades. the song is of poor audio quality and probably faded with a lot of humming noise.
the low quality recording features a pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over pulsating synth lead melody, groovy bass, "4 on the floor" kick pattern, punchy snare, shimmering hi hats and some wooden percussive elements. it sounds energetic and addictive.
the low quality recording features a kids song played through a toy and it consists of childish vocal singing over groovy piano chords and funky guitar melody. it is noisy, in mono and it sounds happy, fun, but also thin, messy, muffled and crushed.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a widely spread stuttering synth melody, buzzy synth bass and distorted electric guitar melody. it sounds distorted, loud, suspenseful and energetic.
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
this is a nu-metal/alternative metal music piece. there is a male vocalist singing in a harsh, shout-like manner in the lead. the main melody is being played by a distorted electric guitar with a strong bass guitar backing. there are various electronic elements such as a crowd cheering sample and an evolving
this is a hip-hop music piece. there is a male vocal rapping in the lead. the beat has a brass sample and a female voice sample. there is a strong bass sound. the rhythmic background consists of an electronic drum beat. the atmosphere is groovy. this piece could be played at nightclubs
the low quality recording features a traditional song sung by harmonizing female vocals over breathy flute melody and wooden percussion. it sounds harsh, muddy, passionate and soulful, as audio is distorted due to poor quality microphone.
this song features two female voices. one of the voices sings an 'ooh' throughout the song. the second voice sings an 'ah' in places. the first time the 'ah' is sung, it is in a dissonant harmony. the second one is in the scale. this is accompanied by a guitar
this audio contains someone playing tablas along to a string instrument playing a melody with a bow. a female voice is singing the same melody. this song may be playing live singing along to train singing.
this is an amateur recording of a gospel music performance. there are two organs playing simultaneously, taking turns in playing groovy melodies. there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythmic background consists of an acoustic drum beat that gives peak sounds due to the poor quality of the recording. there is a sophisticated feel
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a tutorial that consists of a french horn melody played in-between flat male vocal talking. the recording is noisy, mono and quiet.
this is an amateur recording of a guitar solo for a rock music piece. the solo is being played on an overdriven electric guitar while the piano and the bass guitar in the backing track play the main tune. there is a 6/8 rock beat played on the acoustic drums for the rhythm section. there is a raw
the low quality recording features an alternative/indie song that consists of monotone male vocal singing over fat snare, energetic cymbals, energetic wide synth pad chords, mellow synth bells melody and groovy bass. it sounds chill, easygoing and chill.
the low quality recording features an alternative/indie song that consists of monotone male vocal singing over fat snare, energetic cymbals, energetic wide synth bass, punchy kick and snare hits, reverberant percussive elements and shimmering open hats. it sounds energetic and sad.
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a wood block percussion and a didgeridoo playing percussively. the song is spiritual and emotional in nature. the audio quality is poor.
the low quality recording features a tutorial where a flat male vocalist is talking, after which he plays an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. the recording is mono and noisy.
this music is an electronic instrumental. the tempo is fast with atmospheric synthesisers playing an intense harmony with boomy keyboard feedback. there is no other instrument  or accompaniment except for a whooshing sound. the music sounds amateur and has a sinister, eerie, mysterious, spooky, scary vibe.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of groovy bass, groovy piano chords, shimmering hi-hats and punchy kick and snare hits over sword slicing, blood spillage and grunting sound effects. overall it sounds groovy, exciting and energetic overall.
the low quality recording features a jazz song playing in the background while people are shoe tapping to it. the jazz song at least consists of passionate male vocal, groovy bass and brass section, since those elements are audible. it gives off happy vibes.
the low quality recording features a children's song that consists of a flat male vocal singing over groovy piano melody, simple bass, simple hi hats, punchy snare, soft kick hits, synth lead melody and bells melody. it sounds happy, fun and joyful - like something kids would listen to.
this song contains a male voice singing sounding sad. drum and percussion are playing a reggae rhythm along with two e-guitars playing. one a melody panned to the right side of the speakers and another short rhythmic strokes as a rhythmic element. the bass is playing its own melody. this song may
the low quality recording features a compilation of recordings where the first recording in the loop is a live performance that's distorted, loud and in mono. the second part of the recording is very noisy and it features bright bells, some resonating sounds and it sounds weird.
the low quality recording features a jazz song that consists of shimmering hi hats, groovy piano melody, groovy double bass, shimmering shakers and brass melody. it sounds passionate and joyful - like something you would hear in traditional jazz bars.
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a horn player playing a traditional animal horn in a single long note which fades out. the song is poignant and emotional. the audio quality is poor.
the low quality recording features a didgeridoo melody played outside, alongside some birds chirping and tinny wooden impacts sounds. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a dj scratching a hip hop song that consists of punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats and syncopated open hats. there are some plastic tapping sounds. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds groovy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk, traditional song that consists of a passionate female vocal singing over wooden percussive elements, sustained strings melody and woodwinds melody. the recording is noisy and it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
this audio contains a melodic bell ringing. in the background you can hear birds chirping. this is an amateur recording.
the low quality recording features a traditional pop song that consists of harmonizing vocals singing over breathy flute melody, groovy bass, wooden percussion, strings melody and acoustic guitar chords. it sounds happy and fun - like a song you would hear in a tv commercial.
the low quality recording features a mellow arpeggiated piano melody playing in the background, while the breathy flute melody is playing over it. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds emotional and easygoing.
the low quality recording features a jazz song that consists of groovy double bass located in the right channel, groovy piano melody leaning towards the left channel of the stereo image and widely spread shimmering shakers and soft hi-hats. it sounds smooth, chill, easygoing and relaxing - like something you would hear
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song sung by reverberant male vocals over acoustic guitar chords, punchy snare and kick hits, groovy bass and funky piano chords. there is a short snare roll at one point that serves as a transition to the next section of the song. sounds a bit muffled
this music is instrumental. the tempo is medium with a melodious keyboard harmony, steady drumming, groovy bass lines and acoustic guitar accompaniment. the melody is simple, mellow, pleasant, melancholic, nostalgic and ambient. this instrumental is a classic rock and roll.
this is a pop/funk music piece. there is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. the main melody is being played by the keyboard while the bass guitar is playing a groovy bass line in the background. the rhythm consists of an electronic drum beat. the atmosphere is groovy. this
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of a widely spread stuttering synth melody, buzzy synth bass and distorted electric guitar melody. it sounds distorted, loud, suspenseful and energetic.
the low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a wide string melody, shimmering triangle, shimmering cymbals and wide brass melody. it sounds epic, joyful and passionate.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of harmonizing female vocals singing over groovy steel guitar, groovy acoustic rhythm guitar chords and smooth double bass. there are some crowd chattering noises in the background. it sounds passionate, happy and fun.
this is a classical music piece from the baroque era. the piece is being performed by a harpsichord. there is a mysterious atmosphere and a medieval feel to this piece. the music could fit very well in the soundtrack of a gothic horror movie, especially where we are witnessing a scene of exposition
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the low quality recording features a tinny mellow rubber impact over a muffled song played on playback in the background. it sounds messy and the recording is very noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of wide strings melody, wooden percussion and some noisy sound in the background. it gives relaxing vibes, even though the percussion and strings are a bit aggressive.
this is a gear showcase jam. firstly, the performer describes the sound effect that is achieved when the octave pedal is connected to the electric guitar. then, he starts to play a simple tune with a crunchy sound. parts of the recording where the performer is not speaking can be used as electric guitar samples in beat
this is an instrumental jazz fusion piece. various instruments are played throughout this piece. a wide variety of key instruments such as the piano, the organ, the celeste, the rhodes, the synth and the harpsichord can be heard. the atmosphere is funky and eccentric. a vibrant array of samples can
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk rock song and it consists of passionate female vocal singing over repetitive flute licks, stuttering hi hats, groovy piano chords, sustained strings melody and sustained strings melody. it sounds crushed, distorted, loud and messy, as it was probably recorded with a phone
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by harmonizing mixed choir vocals. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds emotional and passionate.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of harmonizing female vocals singing over groovy bass guitar, mellow synth keys melody and electric guitar melody, followed by shimmering tambourine, hi hats and punchy kick. it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful - like something
the low quality recording features a live performance of a pop song that consists of passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over energetic drums, groovy bass, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering cymbals. there are some crowd cheering sounds in the background. it sounds energetic, emotional and
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a clean arpeggiated electric guitar melody with an aggressive echoing effect on. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a passionate female vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wooden percussion, playing as the background music, while there are birds chirping, cows mooing and metallic impacts sounds. the recording is mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a flat male vocal talking over an acoustic guitar solo melody playing in the background. it sounds like a tutorial and the recording is in mono.
this music is an electronic instrumental. the tempo is medium fast with an electrifying drum rhythm, funky bass lines, synthesiser articulation, cymbals rides, digital drums and electronically arranged sounds. the music is an energetic, high-powered, energetic, enthusiastic, intense, and explosive edm/synth pop
the low quality recording features a rock song that consists of a melancholic male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering ride cymbals, groovy bass guitar and acoustic rhythm guitar. it sounds emotional and heartfelt.
this is a hindi film music piece. initially, there is a female voice crying. afterwards, an orchestra made up of a flute, a string element, a sitar and a piano starts playing an emotional tune. the atmosphere of the piece is heart-touching. it could be used in the soundtracks of
this is a grunge rock music piece. a distorted electric guitar playing power chords leads the tune with a bass guitar in the background. loud acoustic drums provide the rhythmic background while also playing a lot of fills. there is also a male vocal. the music has a rebellious atmosphere mixed with a rough sound that is characteristic
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds emotional and easygoing.
this reggae song features male voices singing the main melody in harmony. this is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a reggae beat. the bass plays a groovy lick and plays a chromatic run of five notes to reach the note to start the chorus. a guitar strums one chord on alternate counts. this song can
this is an amateur recording of a percussive jam over a backing track that has the acoustic guitar and hollering male vocals singing in the spanish language, iconic features of latin folk music. two pairs of maracas are being played to create the rhythm.
the low quality recording features a resonating mellow bell playing. it sounds relaxing, calming, soft, mellow, haunting and hypnotic. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk song and it consists of harmonizing mixed vocals singing over groovy bass, groovy accordion melody and arpeggiated acoustic guitar solo melody. the recording is noisy, but it sounds happy and fun - like something kids would listen to.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a single note played on a horn-like instrument. the instrument sounds like a jewish ram’s horn. it is loud, emphatic, and authoritative with the sound of running water in the background. it is a celebratory,festive ritual music for making
this is a drumline stick trick recording. a drummer is playing rudiments on a snare pad in an acrobatic manner. there is a rapid procession of single and double strokes. this piece could be sampled for use in beat-making.
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is medium with an enthusiastic lead on the electric guitar.no accompanying instruments are used. the music is loud, emphatic, catchy, intense and powerful like in rock/ metal music.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium tempo with a groovy bass line, rock drumming, tambourine percussion, guitar rhythm and guitar lead. the song is adventurous and emotional. the song is classic rock and has a poor audio quality.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate male vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds mellow, soft, sad and emotional.
this is a classical style of music played by a brass quintet. the instruments featured include the trombone, tuba, french horn and trumpets. the motif they play is repeated, and it has a celebratory feel - as if for a big occasion.
the low quality recording features a traditional song played in the beginning, after which there is a loud horn sound and wooden impact. the recording is mono and noisy.
this is a latin salsa dance music piece. there are male vocals singing loudly in the spanish language. there is a groovy bass line. the rhythmic background is provided by the cowbell strokes. the atmosphere is lively. this piece could be played at latin dance clubs.
the low quality recording features a live performance where a dj is playing his set. there are crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy and it sounds manic, aggressive, distorted and upbeat.
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song and it consists of acoustic sitar chord progression played so loudly that the male vocal is inaudible. the recording is noisy, but it sounds happy and fun regardless.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a r&b song that consists of flat male vocal singing over groovy bass guitar, mellow synth keys melody and energetic drums. there are some crowd noises in the background. the recording is noisy, as it was probably recorded with a phone, but it sounds energetic,
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a dj creating cool rhythmic structures; groovy drum rhythm, percussion hits, grunge tones and staccato notes. the song is exciting and energetic. the song is a techno dance tune and has poor audio quality.
this audio contains someone playing a harp picking a tremolo melody. a female opera voice starts singing along in a higher pitch. this is an amateur recording. you can hear recording noises and the whole audio is panned to the left side of the speakers. this song may be playing in a theaterhouse.
the low quality recording features a mellow french horn melody, followed by mellow piano chords. it sounds passionate, emotional and beautiful, despite the fact that the recording is noisy, buzzy and in mono.
this is a gospel piece used as an accompaniment to a tambourine dance. there is a female vocalist singing. there is an electric guitar and a xylophone playing the melody. the tune is not very clear due to the quality of the recording. the atmosphere is religious. samples could be lifted
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
this music is an electric guitar solo. the tempo is medium fast with rhythmic bongo, atmospheric synthesiser, soft drumming with cymbal rides, oud riff and keyboard harmony. the music is densely layered. it is soothing, engaging, compelling, mesmerising and building up gradually. this music is contemporary
the low quality recording features a groovy bass guitar, punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern and tinny percussion. in the second half of the loop, the music cuts out and there is a short silence, after which comes the wide, muffled sound effects. at the very end, there is a
the low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song and it consists of tuba melody. it sounds mellow, soft and reverberant, as it was recorded in a huge concert hall. the recording is a bit noisy.
the low quality recording features a loud church bells playing. it sounds like an intro of the recording, since the sound is slowly fading in. the recording is noisy.
this is a house remix of a pop music piece. the female vocal from the original track is being repeated as a sample. there is a strong bass and a loud electronic drum beat in the background. the piece is upbeat and energetic. it could be played at nightclubs, dance clubs and dj performances.
the low quality recording features a passionate female vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wooden percussion, playing as the background music, while there are birds chirping, cows mooing and metallic impacts sounds. the recording is mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a jazz song playing in the background while people are shoe tapping to it. the jazz song at least consists of passionate male vocal, groovy bass and brass section, since those elements are audible. it is reverberant and in mono, as it was probably recorded with a phone.
the low quality recording features an electro song that consists of reversed hi hats, followed by shimmering 2 step hi hats and "4 on the floor" kick pattern playing on top of it. it sounds groovy and exciting.
the rock song features a passionate male vocal, layered with harmonizing background male vocals, singing over electric rhythm guitar chords spread widely in the stereo image, thin snare, energetic crash, groovy bass, shimmering hi hats and punchy kick hits. it sounds energetic, groovy and addictive thanks to those harmonizing
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
the low quality recording features a live performance that's barely audible and it consists of sustained strings and a choir. it sounds crushed, distorted and very noisy, as it was recorded with a broken microphone.
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is slow with an electric guitar lead and harmony of a popular song. no other instrument is used. it is mellow, pleasant, nostalgic, soft, mellifluous and soothing.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
this is a country music piece. there is a female vocalist singing melodically as the lead at a medium-to-high range. a mandolin is playing the main theme while being backed by a bass guitar. the rhythmic background consists of a simple 4/4 acoustic drum beat.
the low quality recording features a reggae song sung by low flat male vocals, followed by repetitive synth lead melody, groovy bass, vocal chants, claps, punchy kick hits, shimmering hi hats and open hats. it sounds energetic, suspenseful and it is in mono. at one point the vocal cracks
this music is a beautiful,soothing instrumental. the tempo is slow with a wind instrument like a recorder/flute  solo and an acoustic guitar accompaniment. the music is dulcet, serene,calming, soothing, mellifluous,soulful, therapeutic and idyllic.
the low quality recording features a loud gunshots sound effects, wooden impact and squeaking floor sound effects, while a suspicious background music is playing in the background and it consists groovy woodwind melody, woodwind solo melody, tinny bells melody located in the left channel of the stereo image and smooth bass. the recording is
this is a live performance of a classical music piece from the impressionist school. it is being performed by a string quartet of two violins, one viola and one cello. the quartet is playing a dramatic tune. the atmosphere is gloomy. this piece could be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie
the low quality recording features a live performance of a gospel song and it consists of harmonizing mixed choir vocals singing in a very large space. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and powerful.
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the electro song features a punchy "4 on the floor" kick pattern perfectly complemented by groovy bass, followed by tinny laser percussive sound effects, shimmering cymbals, claps and echoing pulsating synth lead melody. sounds energetic, a bit addictive thanks to that synth lead and something
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk song and it contains harmonized mixed vocals singing over groovy bass, groovy accordion melody and arpeggiated acoustic guitar solo melody. it sounds emotional and passionate.
this audio contains someone playing a complex groove on tablas along with someone playing a solo on a zitar with the same complex rhythm. this song may be playing in a live concert.
the low quality recording features a groovy bass guitar playing with guitar pedal chorus effect on. in the first half of the loop, there is a modulated chorus effect, while in the second part, there is a classic chorus effect on.
the low quality recording features a live performance where the song is played on playback and it consists of sustained strings and piano melody, energetic crash cymbals, shimmering hi hats and toms roll, over which passionate male vocal and harmonizing background female vocals are singing. it sounds emotional, passionate and soulful.
the electro song features a reverberant reversed piano melody and synth bass with a modulated filter effect on it, over which there is a white noise riser that leads into the short snippet of drop that consists of layered punchy kick and shimmering hi hat. right before the drop, there is a filtered, echoing male
the low quality recording features a reggae song sung by low flat male vocals, followed by repetitive synth lead melody, groovy bass, vocal chants, claps, punchy kick hits, shimmering hi hats and open hats. it sounds energetic, suspenseful and it is in mono. at one point the vocal cracks
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with an electric guitar playing lead and distorted guitar rhythm, along with groovy bass line and rock drumming rhythm. the song is exciting and spirited. the song is a classic rock instrumental with poor quality audio.
the low quality recording features a lullaby sung by passionate male vocalists over an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody. it sounds mellow, soft, sad and so emotional that you forget about how noisy the recording actually is.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a jazz song and it consists of a saxophone solo melody played over mellow keys chords, groovy bass, punchy snare and kick hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds passionate and soulful.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats and soft crash cymbals. it sounds emotional, passionate and addictive
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a droning vibration of a metal bowl called the tibetan bowl or singing bowl. the music is a single note drone with vibrations and resonance. it is calming, meditative, stress relieving, meditative and soothing.
the disco song features a passionate male vocalist singing over funky electric guitar melody, groovy bass, punchy kick and claps. it sounds passionate, funky and groovy - like something you would hear in clubs during the 80s.
the low quality recording features a drum solo that consists of punchy snare hits and occasional snare roll, punchy kick and shimmering hi-hats. it sounds energetic and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a reverberant male vocal singing over widely spread groovy piano chord progression, brass section, shimmering shakers, groovy percussive elements and smooth bass. it sounds tropical, exotic and fun, like something you would hear at latin weddings.
this audio contains a fast complex drumpart playing along with a synth lead sound playing a complex melody in a high pitch. then the song changes to a more calm part with a piano before changing back to action with a distorted e-guitar playing along the low notes with a e-bass. this song sounds
this is a live performance of a pop music piece. the track is being performed with playback. there is a female vocal with child-like characteristics. there is a strong electronic drum beat in the rhythmic background. a fuzzy synth bass is playing the melodic part. there are lots of beat repeat effects. the atmosphere
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a keyboard harmony, a male voice talking over the music and the sound of birds chirping. the music is playful, naughty, animated, simple and minimalist. the music style and dialogue indicate that this is an animated movie.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with a spirited harpsichord, contrasting melancholic violin harmony, flute, cello, viola and piano accompaniment. the music is complex, syncopated, melancholic, wistful, anxious and restless. this music is a western classical piece.
this music is an electric guitar instrumental. the tempo is medium with a pleasant electric guitar riff. the music is loud, powerful, clear, tight, intense and engaging.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a jazz song and it consists of a passionate female vocalist singing over groovy piano melody, saxophone melody, groovy bass, shimmering hi hats, punchy snare and soft kick hits. it sounds passionate, soulful and the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a harmonizing french horn melody. it sounds passionate and easygoing, while the recording is noisy and in mono.
the reggae/dub song features a subtle funky electric guitar melody with echoing guitar pedal effects on, punchy snare, soft kick hits, groovy bass and shimmering cymbals, while the wide harmonizing male vocals are singing over it. it sounds easygoing and chill, like something you would listen
the low quality recording features a resonating mellow bell playing. it sounds relaxing, calming, soft, mellow, haunting and hypnotic. the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a live performance that consists of harmonica solo melody played over acoustic rhythm guitar chords. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds happy and joyful.
a male singer sings this passionate melody with backup singers in vocal harmony.  the song is medium tempo with a percussive bass line, groovy drumming rhythm, keyboard accompaniment and other percussive hits. the song is a retro pop love song.
this folk song features a reed instrument playing the main melody. a similar melody is played on a percussion instrument by a skilled percussionist. another percussion instrument plays a tabla-sounding instrument. cymbals also play a melody keeping time with the melody being played. the end of the song features an ascending run on
the low quality recording features a live performance of a hard rock song that consists of punchy kick and snare hits, energetic cymbals, distorted bass guitar and aggressive electric guitar riffs. there are some crowd cheering sounds in the background. it sounds energetic, aggressive and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it consists of flat male vocal singing over arpeggiated electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, shimmering hi hats, snappy rimshots and punchy kicks. in the background, there are some crowd singing and crowd cheering noises. it sounds
the low quality recording features a live performance of a regional mexican song that consists of reverberant, high register, passionate male vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar and groovy bass. there are some crowd chattering noises in the background. it sounds passionate, emotional and traditional.
this is an instrumental funk music piece consisting of a chapman stick solo. due to the nature of the instrument, only the tapping technique is used which gives a funky vibe to the piece. this piece could be used in the background at a jazz club.
this song contains digital drums playing a groove together with an e-bass. different fast paced synth sounds are playing a rhythmic melody along to the drums. violas are playing a countermelody to the male voices singing a melody creating a harmony. this song may be playing in a movie scene where someone is driving with
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song that consists of flat male vocal singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, energetic crash cymbals, groovy bass guitar and acoustic rhythm guitar. at the end of the loop, there is a short tom roll, representing a
the low quality recording features a bagpipes melody played while soldiers are marching. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds prideful, soulful and powerful.
the song is an instrumental. the tempo is medium with a guitar lead, complete with knob flicking tones. the song is loud and energetic. the audio quality is poor and recorded live at home.
this song contains digital drums playing a four on the floor groove with a kick on every beat along to an e-bass. in the background you can hear additional bongo rhythms. a synth string sound is playing long chord notes in the background. an e-guitar is finger picking a chord melody. a female
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of groovy bass, groovy piano chords, shimmering hi-hats and punchy kick and snare hits over sword slicing, blood spillage and grunting sound effects. overall the song is very groovy, bright and judging by the volume of the
the low quality recording features a live performance of a rock song and it features passionate male vocals, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide electric guitar melody, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits and shimmering hi hats. it sounds emotional and passionate.
this is a traditional chinese folk band playing  a variety of traditional chinese instruments. the erhu, which sounds much like a violin, is being played in harmony with the guqin to create a melody which the performers also sing. the percussion is done on a bongo-sounding drum. this  is a
this is an amateur recording of heavy metal music being performed live. the audio quality is quite poor. there is a distorted electric guitar playing the main tune while the bass guitar is playing in the background. there is a simple metal acoustic drum beat in the rhythmic background. sounds from the crowd cheering and screaming can be heard
the low quality recording features a boomy xylophone melody that gives off fun and happy vibes. due to a huge amount of low frequencies, the recording sounds muddy as well.
the rock song features a passionate male vocalist singing over wide electric guitar melodies, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats and energetic crash cymbals. there is a short drum roll that represents a variation in a repetitive loop. it sounds energetic, passionate, emotional and addictive
this audio contains a male voice talking with a lot of reverb on his voice. then someone starts playing a single tone on a cembalo. this is an amateur recording and sounds more like a tutorial.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a passionate male vocal singing over groovy trombone, shimmering shakers, short brass melody and wooden percussive elements. it sounds joyful, happy and fun - like something kids would listen to.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a beautiful keyboard harmony. the music is soft, mellow, sentimental, nostalgic, melancholic and romantic. this song is classic pop.
this is the recording of a gear showcase jam. there is an overdriven electric guitar playing a groovy solo with the amplified reverb effect. there is a crunchy sound. the piece can be used as the jingle of an advertisement. it could also be used for lifting electric guitar samples to be used in a
the low quality recording features a kids song played through some kind of toy and it consists of low male vocal singing over some key chords. it sounds distorted and crushed. the recording is noisy and in mono, as it was probably recorded with a poor quality microphone.
the low quality recording features a didgeridoo melody played outside, alongside some birds chirping and tinny wooden impacts sounds. the recording is noisy.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song and it consists of pitch bend wooden percussion. it sounds boomy and the recording is in mono and noisy.
the low quality recording features a cover of a pop song and it consists of harmonizing mixed vocals singing and some beatboxing that mimics "4 on the floor" kick pattern. the recording is noisy and it sounds a bit roomy, since it was probably recorded with a phone. it sounds passionate and fun.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a resonating electric guitar riff. the music is spooky, eerie, sinister, mysterious and suspenseful with a little white noise/static.
the low quality recording features a muffled male vocal speaking, right after the didgeridoo tone. the recording is noisy and in mono.
this song contains acoustic drums playing a simple rock groove after coming in with some fill-ins on the toms. an e-bass is playing along. an e-guitar is playing a simple repeating melody then another e-guitar comes in strumming chords in the background. you can hear cl
the low quality recording features a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing mixed vocals, singing over acoustic rhythm guitar, accordion melody and groovy bass. it sounds passionate and joyful. the recording is noisy and in mono.
this is a comedy music piece. there is a male vocalist singing in a funny manner in the filipino language. the keyboard is playing a goofy tune with the bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythm is being played by a simple electronic drum beat. there is an amusing atmosphere. this piece could be used in the
the low quality recording features an alternative/indie song that consists of arpeggiated synth keys, growl synth bass, mellow synth bells melody and synth pad chords. it sounds chill and easygoing.
this audio clip features a tom roll followed by a descending slide on the bass. this is followed by the sound of two different calling bells one after the other. four different voices call out numbers one through four in ascending order one after the other. this is followed by a pattern played on a drum machine. this song can
this is the recording of a gear showcase jam. there is an overdriven electric guitar playing a groovy solo with the amplified reverb effect. there is a crunchy sound. the piece can be used as the jingle of an advertisement. it could also be used for lifting electric guitar samples to be used in a
the low quality recording features an ambient song that consists of a wide sustained synth pad, followed by mellow sustained strings. it sounds relaxing, calming and like something you would listen to in a yoga session.
the low quality recording features a choir singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy piano and groovy bass. in the first half, there are harmonizing female vocals singing, after which the male harmonizing vocals start singing. it sounds soulful, passionate and emotional. the recording
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
this is an amateur recording of a ugandan traditional music piece. the piece is instrumental and percussive in nature. the amadinda (which is a ugandan xylophone) is playing a joyful tune. the atmosphere is playful.
the low quality recording features a passionate electric guitar lick played over electric guitar chords. it sounds emotional, soulful and the recording is noisy and in mono.
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of passionate female vocal singing over wooden percussive elements, strings and flute melody. it sounds passionate, emotional, soulful and the recording is noisy.
this is a comedy music piece. there are male vocals singing in a funny manner in the hindi language. the rhythm is being played by percussive elements such as the tabla and the kanjira. the atmosphere is amusing. this piece could be used in the background of a comedy skit.
the low quality recording features a resonating mellow bell in one shot. it sounds relaxing, calming, soft, mellow and hypnotic - like something you would listen to while meditating.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
the low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of passionate female vocal singing over wooden percussion, claps, repetitive plucked strings melody and accordion melody. it sounds passionate, soulful and emotional.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song and it consists of sustained cello melody played over passionate piano melody, after which there is an applause. it sounds emotional and passionate.
the low quality recording features a breathy reverberant flute melody played over a low sustained piano bass note in the background. it sounds mystical, calming and relaxing.
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock and it consists of passionately played solo acoustic guitar melody over staccato strings melody playing in the background on playback. even though the recording is noisy, it sounds emotional and passionate.
this is an instrumental folk song with the melody played both by a banjo and a violin at the same time. the combination of these instruments creates a very american, western-movie type of atmosphere. it could be used in opening sequences of movies/shows taking place in rural usa.
this music is instrumental. the tempo is slow with a ukelele melody. the musician plays two notes in monotone which sounds like the instrument is being tuned. this clip is a tutorial on how to tune a ukulele.
the low quality recording features a kids song sung by harmonizing kids vocals over shimmering bells, claps, synth keys melody and groovy bass. it sounds fun, happy, addictive, thanks to that cadence, and like something kids would listen to.
the low quality recording features a live performance of softly arpeggiated harp melody and mellow sustained strings. it sounds passionate, emotional and the recording is noisy and in mono.
this is a hindi film music piece. initially, there is a female voice crying. afterwards, an orchestra made up of a flute, a string element, a sitar and a piano starts playing an emotional tune. the atmosphere of the piece is heart-touching. it could be used in the soundtracks of
the low quality recording features a bagpipes melody played while soldiers are marching. the recording is noisy, in mono and it sounds prideful, soulful and powerful.
this is a live recording of a section on the french horn, played in classical style. the piece ascends rapidly and then descends rapidly. the piece has a regal and important feel to it.
the low quality recording features a percussionist playing groovy cowbell over instrumental music playing in the background. it is kind of loud, noisy and the recording is in mono.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song played on a speaker that features groovy piano melody, synth lead melody, strings power chords, punchy snare, shimmering shakers, claps and punchy kick hits. it sounds noisy and thin as it lacks bass frequencies.
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
this song contains a string section playing a short stroke melody in the lower range along to a digital acoustic drum playing a rather complex groove. acoustic guitars are playing a melody. this song may be playing in a heroic movie scene.
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists, followed by acoustic rhythm guitar chord progression and shimmering shaker. it is a bit reverberant and noisy, as they are playing in a room. it gives off happy and fun vibes.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background male ad libs, rapping over boomy bass, punchy kick, slap snare, shimmering hi hats, tinny percussive elements and weird, funny and repetitive percussion. it sounds groovy and bo
this is a marching band piece performed by an orchestra. there are trumpets playing the main theme while tuba and cello are playing the bass notes. there is also a constant string part holding the root notes of the melody. the snare drums are playing an accentuated, militaristic drum line. there is an
this song features an electric guitar. the guitar starts off with a descending pentatonic run. a descending slide is played followed by a moderate tempo blues lick. there are no other instruments in this song. there are no voices in this song. this is an instrumental song with a blues mood. this song can be played
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with a harmonium melody and tabla accompaniment. the performance is live with ambient sounds of people talking, sound of glass bangles and a woman’s voice. this music is indian classical.
the low quality recording features a regional mexican song that consists of a passionate male vocal singing over groovy trombone, shimmering shakers, short brass melody and wooden percussive elements. it sounds joyful, happy and fun.
the low quality recording features a resonating mellow bell playing. it sounds relaxing, calming, soft, mellow, haunting and hypnotic. the recording is noisy and in mono.
this is a classical music performance. there is a gentle piano tune playing in the background while there is a theremin playing the main melody. the performance has a unique feel to it. the atmosphere is out of the ordinary but also heart-touching. this piece could be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie/
this is the live recording of a dubstep performance. the dj is performing the beat on a midi control panel. there is an ever-changing synth sound that plays the melody and also provides the strong and fuzzy bass. the rhythmic background consists of an aggressive electronic drum sound. the atmosphere is loud and energetic. this
this music is instrumental. the tempo is fast with a vigorous banjo harmony, infectious drumming, auto harp, mandolin and tambourine accompaniment. the music is an upbeat, high-spirited, energetic,enthusiastic,effervescent country music instrumental.
the low quality recording features a ballad song sung by passionate female vocalists over groovy, mellow piano chords and shimmering shakers and tambourine. it sounds emotional and heartfelt - like something you would sing to your partner, out of love.
the low quality recording features a muffled soul song that consists of harmonizing vocals and passionate female vocals. it is too noisy, almost crushed - it is barely recognizable as a soul song. it seems it was recorded with a phone.
this is a live performance of a classical music piece from the impressionist school. it is being performed by a string quartet of two violins, one viola and one cello. the quartet is playing a dramatic tune. the atmosphere is gloomy. this piece could be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie
this is a live performance from a female cabaret quartet. they have different vocal ranges and harmonise every line of the song. the audience cheers and claps as they sing. the song feels jazzy.
the low quality recording features a widely spread harpsichord melody. the recording is a bit noisy and it sounds emotional and passionate.
this is an afghan romantic pop piece. there is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. a harmonium is playing the main tune, at times simultaneously with the vocal. the rhythmic background is composed of the tabla percussion. there is an emotional feel to this piece. this piece could be used
this is an acoustic cover of a rock music piece. there is an acoustic guitar playing a gentle melody. the piece has a slow tempo. the atmosphere is sentimental. this piece can be included in the soundtrack of a romantic movie.
the electro song features a reverberant reversed piano melody and synth bass with a modulated filter effect on it, over which there is a white noise riser that leads into the short snippet of drop that consists of layered punchy kick and shimmering hi hat. right before the drop, there is a filtered, echoing male
the low quality recording features a cover of a song sung by passionate girl vocalists over acoustic guitar melody and acoustic rhythm guitar chords. it sounds passionate, emotional, heartfelt and mellow, despite the fact that the recording is noisy and in mono.
this is an instrumental jam recording. the only instrument is an acoustic guitar which is being played with a percussive slap technique. the track is groovy. this piece could fit perfectly as an advertisement jingle.
the low quality recording features a chiptune remix of a pop song and it consists of high pitched female vocal singing over, groovy piano melody, smooth synth bass, claps, shimmering hi hats and punchy kick. at the very end of the loop, there is a snare roll. it sounds fun
the low quality recording features a live performance of a country song and it consists of banjo solo melody and electric guitar melody going back and forth, energetic drums, groovy bass and sustained strings melody playing in the background. the recording is noisy and in mono, and it sounds energetic and passionate.
the low quality recording features a live performance of a folk song and it consists of harmonica melodies played over groovy double bass, shimmering hi hats, punchy snare and soft kick hits. it sounds happy, fun, joyful and the recording is noisy.
this music is an electronic instrumental. the tempo is medium with synthesiser arrangements, electronic xylophone harmony and digital drum beats. the music is soothing, punchy, groovy, hypnotic and engaging. this music is synth pop.
this song contains acoustic drums playing a kick on every half-beat along with an e-bass playing a repeating bassline along with an e-guitar. another e-guitar is playing long notes with a lot of reverb in a higher register. another guitar is playing a counter melody in a higher
this is a hip-hop music piece. there is a male vocal rapping in the lead. the beat has a soul music sample as the main structure. there is a choir singing melodically. the piano and the electric guitar are playing the tune with the backing of a bass guitar. the rhythmic background consists
this is an instrument showcase jam. the steel drums are being played in a gentle manner. then, a male voice starts describing the features of the steel drums. the instrument has a relaxing timbre. the parts where it is being played can be sampled for use in beat-making.
the low quality recording features a kids song played through some kind of toy, and it consists of low male vocal singing over some key chords. it sounds distorted and crushed. the recording is noisy and in mono, as it was probably recorded with a poor quality microphone.
this song contains digital drums with a reverbed snare and a helicopter-sound. the whole recording is completely over-driving the speakers. it is of very poor sound quality.
the low quality recording features a passionate female vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over wide wooden percussion, groovy bass and shimmering shakers. it sounds joyful, emotional and passionate.
this is an instrumental heavy metal piece. there is no singer in this piece. the distorted electric guitar is playing the main tune while there is a bass guitar playing in the background. the rhythm is provided by a loud and fast-paced electronic drum beat. the piece has an aggressive atmosphere. it could be used in the
the low quality recording features a cover of a rock song sung by passionate female vocalists, followed by acoustic rhythm guitar chord progression and shimmering shaker. it is a bit reverberant and noisy, as they are playing in a room. it gives off happy and fun vibes.
the song is an instrumental. the song is medium fast tempo with a didgeridoo playing percussively with no other instrumentation. the song is played passionately and spirited. the audio quality is very poor.
this is a gear showcase jam. firstly, the performer describes the sound effect that is achieved when the octave pedal is connected to the electric guitar. then, he starts to play a simple tune with a crunchy sound. parts of the recording where the performer is not speaking can be used as electric guitar samples in beat
the low quality recording features a live performance where the song is played on playback and it consists of sustained strings and piano melody, energetic crash cymbals, shimmering hi hats and toms roll, over which passionate male vocal and harmonizing background female vocals are singing. it sounds emotional, passionate and soulful.
the low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of flat male vocal rapping over widely spread shimmering bells, punchy kicks and claps, playing in the background. right before the beat drops there is a short flat female vocal. there are some people talking to each other, while one of them is yelling
